docs: document customizing theme with hex colors (#73)
frctl/fractal-docs: docs/guide/web/default-theme.md

* **Choices:** `aqua` | `black` | `blue` | `default` | `fuchsia` | `green` | `grey` | `lime` | `maroon` | `navy` | `olive` | `orange` | `purple` | `red` | `teal` | `white` | `yellow`
* **Default:** `default` (blue)

#### Specifying custom colors <Badge text="added in v1.5.0" type="tip"/>
The `skin` option can also be specified as an object in order to customize the chosen skin with custom colors.

```js
{
    skin: {
        name: 'default',
        accent: '#f2d',
        complement: '#402',
        links: '#a06',
    }
}
```

> ::: tip

Reviewer: I’d mark this as a notice rather than an tip

```suggestion
::: tip NOTICE
```

Only hex colors are supported.
:::

::: warning

> Custom colors **are not used** in [browsers that do not support CSS variables](https://caniuse.com/css-variables). In those browsers, users see the skin specified in `skin.name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom colors **are not applied** in [browsers that do not support CSS variables](https://caniuse.com/css-variables). In those browsers, users see the bare skin specified in `skin.name`.
```
